hello everyone welcome to another
episode of the halo forge epidemic my
name is paints and i'm bringing you guys
another flood map feature so the map
you're seeing here is called protect the
factory and it was built on the erosion
canvas by sama cheater pro so you can
use to game types on this map and those
would be guardians and last stand so
guardians is sammich heater pros game
type and last stand is actually a game
type that i created and i've been
testing working on that for about four
months so in this video we do use the
last stand game type although you can
use his own game type which is just
slightly different than mine so protect
the factory is kind of an interesting
map for a number of reasons the first
one being that it is a holdout style
flood map so no you cannot jump you're
jumping abilities are disabled but
there's actually a lot of things about a
no jump game type that can benefit the
style of gameplay and how the maps are
forged as well so i'm going to talk a
little bit about that giving the humans
no jump settings actually can encourage
a lot more teamwork because if you can
just compare that to a freeroll map
where you can run anywhere you want and
jump to the tallest spots the survivors
spend most of their time running
in a free roam game type we're in a
holdup game type the area that you have
to defend is much smaller so it
literally forces not only survivors to
work together but flood also as they
tend to make these kind of more
coordinated pushes into the survivors
holdout area so another great thing
about limiting your survivors to a
certain area is just a detail you can
put into these maps as you can see
sandwich had the budget to include a lot
of small scale aesthetics which is
something that's normally a bonus to
most flood maps for the sheer size that
they usually are now something that I
find interesting about hold up game
types is the different ways you can have
flood approach to hold up so you can
give flood their own cover their own
routes they can they can choose which
ways they want to approach the survivors
area without getting mauled in the open
sightlines because you can plan for
their cover a much more and I think
that's pretty cool because it kind of
increases the longevity of the map
because you're getting a different
experience each time you change from
Survivor to flood so it definitely
doesn't feel is recycled I guess is a
good word for it and it also allows you
to plan out your sight lines from the
holdout itself and it kind of gives you
that classic zombie feel having those
boarded up windows so my favorite thing
about the map definitely has to be the
lighting I know there's not a lot of
bright areas to the map but what I mean
is the combination of lights and effects
he has is kind of brought out certain
textures in the pieces and it actually
makes the scenery objects look really
great as well they usually just look
very dark and don't stand out in most
Maps especially if you hit that lighting
glitch now I'm not usually a fan of
effects unless they
are done in the right way which is
something this map has definitely
achieved so as always if you guys do
want to download the map the link will
be in the description and that's pretty
much gonna wrap it up for now I have
been paints with the halo forge epidemic
and thanks for watching I'll see you
guys next time